refining off-chain indexing (#800)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/knowledgebase/learn-substrate/off-chain-workers.md

still has several flaws with respect to security, scalability, and infrastructure efficiency.

To make the off-chain data integration secure and more efficient, Substrate provides off-chain

> workers. The off-chain worker subsystem (OCWs) allows execution of long-running and possibly non-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
workers. The off-chain worker (OCW) subsystem allows execution of long-running and possibly non-
```

## APIs

> OCWs have access to extended APIs for communicating with the external world:

Reviewer: Even though we have introduced the acronym, I still think it's best in this doc to _always_ use the whole name written out. Someone may not necessarily read the doc from top to bottom.
```suggestion
Off-chain workers have access to extended APIs for communicating with the external world:
```

For more information on how to use off-chain workers in your next runtime development project,
please refer to our [Development Guide](../runtime/off-chain-workers).

> # Off-Chain Indexing

Reviewer 2: TBH I'm not sure it's fair to bundle Off-Chain Indexing under Off-Chain Workers. These two things can really be though of independently.

I'd suggest renaming the entire article to "Off-Chain Features" or sth, and then having 3 sections that outline 3 independent substrate features:
- Off-Chain Database - a node-local database that every substrate node has, can be accessed over RPC (both writes (unsafe) and reads (safe)).
- Off-Chain Workers - an idea of running off-chain an arbitrary logic defined within the runtime code (when the node is fully synced). Workers can access Off-Chain DB.
- Off-Chain Indexing - a Runtime function to populate Off-Chain DB (opt-in via CLI flag) even during sync.

Reviewer: Thank you both for thinking critically about how we present these concepts to our users :pray: I would not be opposed to Tomek's suggestion at all, and we could even think about "lifting" this out of the Runtime section and creating a new top-level Off-Chain section or something.

Author: I will follow tomek suggestion of renaming the section as `Off-Chain Features` and having 3 children sections inside.

Storage in the context of blockchain is mostly about on-chain state. But it is expensive (as 
it is populated to each node in the network) and not recommended for historical or user-generated 
data which grow indefinitely over time.

Luckily every Substrate node comes with off-chain database also. One of the main use cases is to be
used together with off-chain workers mentioned above. In addition, Substrate also includes a feature
called "off-chain indexing", which allows the runtime to write directly to the off-chain database
independently from OCWs. Nodes have to opt-in for persistency of this data via 
`--enable-offchain-indexing` flag when starting up the Substrate node.

Unlike OCWs, which are not executed during initial blockchain synchronization, off-chain indexing is 
populating the database every time a block is processed, so the data is always consistent and will
be exactly the same for every node with indexing enabled.

Off-chain database can be read using remote procedure calls (RPC) so it fits the use case of storing

> indefinitely growing data without over-consuming the on-chain storage.

Reviewer 2: Maybe let's add the code samples to `Development Guide` as well - right now, since there is no pointers at all it's really hard to go from "I've learned the concept" to "I want to try it out".

Reviewer: I would prefer to follow Jimmy's suggestion and keep the code in the Recipes.

Author: Thanks input from Tomek and Dan. 

Tomek, I commit that I will write a sample code, either in recipe or the `Runtime` section below on off-chain index before Jan 15th. If we put code out, we likely need a section of code and explain to readers the context. So I need to experiment with the API myself first, and this takes some work and time. Will let you guys review it once it is done. Then we will add a link to the code section here.

So I prefer keeping this section to be conceptual and show the code in another section. Let me know if you are okay with this, @tomusdrw
